Enhancing git SSH instructions (#8331)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url.md

In <Constant name="cloud" />, you can import a git repository from any valid git URL that points to a dbt project. There are some important considerations to keep in mind when doing this.

## Git protocols
You must use the `git@...` or `ssh://...` version of your git URL, not the `https://...` version. <Constant name="cloud" /> uses the SSH protocol to clone repositories, so <Constant name="cloud" /> will be unable to clone repos supplied with the HTTP protocol.

### Converting SSH URLs to the correct format

When you copy an SSH URL from your git provider (usually found under **Code** --> **Clone** --> **SSH**), it may be in an SCP-style format that uses a colon (`:`) to separate the host from the path. You'll need to convert this to a standard SSH URL format for <Constant name="cloud" />.

If your SSH URL looks like this (SCP-style with a colon):

```
git@github.com:organization/repo-name.git
user@custom-host.example.com:organization/repo-name.git
```

> Convert it to the standard SSH URL with `ssh://` and forward slashes:

Reviewer: Totally optional but was wondering how we could emphasize the changes in the new URLs without being able to highlight code in code blocks. 
```suggestion
Convert it to the standard SSH URL (uses `ssh://` and `/`):
```

Author: Makes sense to me!
